aliases             d

alwayslastprompt    d

appendhistory       d

autolist            d
automenu            d

autoparamkeys       d
autoparamslash      d

autoremoveslash     d

badpattern          z
banghist            z
bareglobqual        z

beep                d
bgnice              z

caseglob            d
casematch           d

checkjobs           z
checkrunningjobs    z
clobber             d
combiningchars        on

debugbeforecmd      d


equals              z

evallineno          z
exec                d

extendedhistory       on
flowcontrol         d

functionargzero     z
glob                d
globalexport        z
globalrcs           d

hashcmds            d
hashdirs            d

hashlistall         d

histbeep            d

histnostore           on

histsavebycopy      d

hup                 z

incappendhistorytime  on
interactive           on

listambiguous       d
listbeep            d

listtypes           d

login                 on

monitor               on
multibyte           d
multifuncdef        z
multios             z
nomatch             z (nono)
notify              z (nono)

promptcr            d
promptpercent       z
promptsp            d

rcs                 d

shortloops          z

unset               z
